[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #3 (#205)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/trimContent.md

```
![Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70456337/191595057-3bbe9531-3402-44db-a5f4-4c4324d3511c.png)

> > 📌 Removing [`$trimContent`](./trimContent.md) from the above code would result output as :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 📌 Removing [`$trimContent`](./trimContent.md) from the above code would result in the following output :
```
